chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediatrackconstraints/autogaincontrol/index.md

## Examples

> See [Media Streams API, Example: Constraint exerciser](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Capture_and_Streams_API/Constraints#example_constraint_exerciser) for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Constraint exerciser](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Media_Capture_and_Streams_API/Constraints#example_constraint_exerciser) example.
```
